
Dear Matt,
I hope you are feeling better. 
The team really misses you. We especially missed you last weekend during our match with the Serpents. We lost by 4 points. But I know if we had you in our corner we would have won.

The Serpents' new coach has really whipped the team into shape. It was unfortunate that we lost, but it felt good to have an even fight this time. Unlike the last match where the Serpents did'nt even know the rules of the game. 

You did'nt hear this from me but the team is thinking of surprising you in the hospital on Tuesday. We're brining cake, flowers and balloons.

Looking forward to seeinging you soon,
Best wishes,
Frank




Dear Karen,

How have you been? Has your cat had her litter yet? I am waiting for pictuers of kittens.

I have some exciting news. I got excepted into Columbia's Journalim program on a scholarship. The course starts in January but I will be in country a few weeks before that to attend a creative writing class for the scholarship. 

Even though I am getting financial aid form the school, my living expenses will be burning a hole through my savinging. 
I will need to find a part-time job to help ends meet. 

Since you have been in the city for a few years now I was hoping you could help me in my search. I would be really greatfull if you could pass my resume around and set up a few networking meetings for me.

This way I get to meet some of your friends and collegues while getting a chance to see the city.

Can't wait to catch up.
Best wishes,
Dex

Some people believe that children’s leisure activities must be educational, otherwise they are a complete waste of time.

Leisure is broadly defined as using free time to do something enjoyable. What brings joy to a person is a very subjective, especially when it comes to children. Parents may belive that their child should spend their free time learning new skills and bettering themselves, while some belive that a more wholesime approach needs to be taken towards children’s leisure.

Parents only want what's best for their child. Some believe that in order to be ahead of the curve, children need to start learning life skills at an early age. Keeping to this belief, parents prefer to have thier children spend all thier time partaking in educational activities.



cavemen did this. traditionaly woman were in seen to be the main force behind child raring. 

Since it's been coming down generations, thats how people think it has always been. 

There are some stereotypical ideas that women are more emotional and men are more rational, thtus also leading to the belief that women are better suited to raise children with impressionable minds.

again,,, men earned money, women had to stay at home and take care of the kids.

Some new age thinkers belive that becase woman are more versatile and stronger, she is the perfect parent. A man can be a brut, not know what to do when, a woman on the other had has all the power to take care of 




Dear Karen,

I want to thank you in writing for helping out with "Mat the cat" while I am away on vacation with my family. Mat really loves you and I am glad he has you watching over him.

As you know, mat is a little moody. He eats only when he feels like it. Please make sure there is always food in his bowl. The cat food is right in the cupboard above the fridge. In fact that cupboard has all my cat realted parephanelia. Mat's food, his medication (which you don't have to bother with) and his grooming equipment are all in there. Please feel free to brush him whenever you need to spend some quality time with him. 

Since I am only gone a week, you dont have to worry about his litter box. I just put in fresh litter and will come back and clean it up.

More than you taking care of Mat, I think he will take care of you.

Please get my mail in to the house when you come in, I don't like it piling up outside my door. I would be very greatful if you would water my plants in the bancony every alternate day. 

I have left all my contact details on the fridge. I have marked the vet's number in bold. If anything happens to Mat just call up Doctor Clair. She knows us very well and can take Mat in without an appointment. She can also make a house call if needed. 

As you know I will be staying with my Sister. You can reach me on my cell phone, email, all social media handel or even call my sister at 9930420999.

Thanks again for taking care for Mat.
I will see you soon.
Best Wishes,
Dhani


---------------------------------


To a parent, their child's development is paramout. How they go about achieving this may vary from  parent to parent. Some believe in home schooling, while others prefere to send their kids to an institutional school. While both these methods aren't novel ideas, they do weigh quite differenlty on a child's overall education.

Take for example home schooling. As the name suggests, children are taught a certain curriculum at home. The curriculum is decided by the parents or a tutor they hire. But ultimately in the end, the child will still have sit for a final exam similar to the one tratitional school going children will take to enter the work force or get into colleges.

Teaching a child at home has many advantages. The biggest being the flexibility in syallabus. Parents can teach their children topics that may be considered to advanced for them if they were in a insitutional school. Or parents can take it slow and choose to develope more practical skills in thier child, like coding orcreative writing.

Another big advantage is that a home schooled child gets a lot more attention. Some home schooling practicies involve teaching groups of children at home, but even then, the attention given to an individual child and their needs is much more than what would be given at a school.

Some also say that because a child is in a fimilar environment they are much more open to learning harder concepts. Even the teaching techniques can vary from parent to tutor and some people belive that using experimental learning techniques like sound based spelling and ancient chinese arithmetic can help a child develope creativity and outside the box thinking. Both very important skills to get ahead in today's world.

While home schooling sounds like a great idea in theory. One should not discount the the more trational practices of education. Sending a child to school also has many advantages and some parents prefer it over home schooling.

The most well known advantage being the other students themselves. Children are exposed to other students with different upbringins and ideologies. This mixing of minds can give a child a more holistic approach to life and learning.

Some parents prefer the strict routine of sending their child to school. Families where both the parents are working may find it better to have their child in school while they are at work. Even the routine of waking up at the same time, five days a week, to go to school prepares the children for a work environment in the future. 

Apart from meeting different students and teachers, children who go to school also learn to work in groups. But this group dynamic also comes with some downfalls. Bullying is very common in schools and while some may say that light bullying makes a stronger human, sometimes stuents can get carried away and end up hurting eachother. 

While both methods have their advantages and disadvantages, in the end it's up the parent to decide how they want to educate their child based on what they can provide. Home schooling can give a child an edge over more traditionally schooled students but children taught in a school also learn differently and are more open to change. 
----------------------------

It is believed that art mirrors culture and is a vital component of society. In my opinion, I think children should be taught art so that they can learn creativity and be able to express themselves and the world around them. Other subjects shouldn't take a backseat in children's education. A well-rounded approach is necessary. 

Firstly, art is a very important subject. Teaching it in schools, especially to younger children, helps foster creativity and develops young minds. It also bolsters a child's imagination. All these skills help a child grow into a dynamic individual.

Secondly, art can also help a child express themselves. Sometimes language isn't enough to get an idea across or a child might not have the linguistic capacity to express a thought, this is when art can help bridge that gap in communication.

Finally, art shouldn't be treated as the 'be all end all' in a child's education. A well-rounded approach is important in the development of a child. Apart from art, other subjects like science, language, and physical education should also be considered.

In conclusion, art is a valuable subject in a child's development but it shouldn't be given preference over other subjects. 
------------------------





After serving their first prison sentence a large number of criminals become repeat offenders. This is largely due to the lack of rehabilitation measures and the increased difficulty in finding jobs. There are a few possible solutions to the problem that can help criminals released from prison stay on the straight and narrow path. 

Firstly, the main cause of reoffending is the lack of rehabilitation measures inside and out of prison. The prison system is known to introduce criminals to more criminals. The system lacks the opportunities for offenders to learn new skills and better themselves. Instead, they are forced to mix with other offenders and the cycle continues once they are released as well. 

Another reason for repeated offenses is the difficulty an offender faces when finding employment. This goes two ways. Employers find it risky to hire convicted criminals while at the same time criminals don't have the necessary skills to offer. 

There are a few possible solutions. One way to tackle the employment conundrum is to ensure that every person entering the prison system has the opportunity to gain new skills while retaining old ones. Classes can be held for offenders eager to learn. This way when they exit prison they have something to offer society. 

Another solution is to keep checks on the criminal once they are let free. Regular check-ins with probation officers can help the offender from committing further crimes. Psychological help can also be provided when needed.

In conclusion, having training in prison and keeping checks on offenders once they leave prison can help reduce the number of repeat offenders.

----------------------------------------


 Many believe that adolescents ought to concentrate on subjects they like or are good at, while others prefer students between the ages of 13 to 18 to study a broad range of subjects. In my opinion, I think that the choice of subjects depends on the student's age. 

 Younger adolescents, aged 13 to 15, aren't mature enough to know what they like and prefer. By studying various subjects, they can gain an all-round education that will help them get a better understanding of their skills and interests. Learning a variety of things will also help then develop into wholesome individuals. For example, by taking math students will be able to perform daily arithmetic, sports will help them keep their health, studying languages can help them communicate, etc. 

 Older adolescents, after taking an array of different subjects can then choose the ones they find most suited for them. Only after learning a little of everything will a teenager be able to ascertain what they want to pursue further. 18 year-olds will also have the opportunity to apply for universities if they want to specialise. By the time adolescents reach 18 they are mature enough to make decisions for themselves and take responsibility. 

 To conclude, younger teenagers should take up different subjects in school for a well-rounded education. Older teenagers, on the other hand, should have the opportunities to choose the subjects they have found interesting. 

-----------------------------------
yes and no. while i agress its an important factoer.. its not alwys the caase the necessity of the item is importnt too  hy are you buying it.. the function of the thing.

eg - phones the most expensie deosnt have to be the best... utilitarian vs flashy.. a cheaper phone can do the same thing.. make calls take picture. in the end it becomes a status symbol

 but somes money does by class.. hotels, medicine... etc.. expensive medial procedures where ones health is concerned.  



 1 intro
 
When it comes to buying a product, a few believe that cost is the key deciding factor in making a purchase. While I agree that price does play a big role in the process, the necessity of the product should also be considered.

People should definatley consider the price of a product before buying it. Especially when it comes to consumer goods. The price range on such items can skyrocket. In cases like this it is adviced to keep the utilitarian purpose of the product in mind. Take for example a cell phone or any other electronic equipment. Before making the final purchase one should see if the same specifications can be found in a cheaper model. In the end one shouldn't spend a lot of money on a product just becase it can also be a status symbol.

There are instances where the price or an object or a servie become irrelevant. In situations of life and death or the saifty or an indiviual, the need outweighs the price.

In concluion, I agree that the price of a product is an important consideration in its purchase, but so it the product's necessity.



